Deprecate ISummaryAuthor and ISummaryCommitter (#10932)
microsoft/FluidFramework: BREAKING.md

## 1.1.0 Upcoming changes
- [IContainerRuntime.createRootDataStore is deprecated](#icontainerruntimecreaterootdatastore-is-deprecated)
- [ ISummaryAuthor and ISummaryCommitter are deprecated](#isummaryauthor-and-isummarycommitter-are-deprecated)

 ### IContainerRuntime.createRootDataStore is deprecated
 See [#9660](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/issues/9660). The API is vulnerable to name conflicts, which lead to invalid documents. As a replacement, create a regular datastore using the `IContainerRuntimeBase.createDataStore` function, then alias the datastore by using the `IDataStore.trySetAlias` function and specify a string value to serve as the alias to which the datastore needs to be bound. If successful, "Success" will be returned, and a call to `getRootDataStore` with the alias as parameter will return the same datastore.

 ### ISummaryAuthor and ISummaryCommitter are deprecated

>   See [#10456](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/issues/10456). `ISummaryAuthor` and`ISummaryCommitter` have never been used so we are depracating them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  See [#10456](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/issues/10456). `ISummaryAuthor` and`ISummaryCommitter` have never been used so they are being deprecated.
```
